Name: Tobias Sy
Project Name: [Something Nice]
Due Date: April 31, 2024
Project type/goal/purpose: To have a safe and annonymous place to spread kindness
and be able to share own problems and find solutions with like-minded people 
Work for: at least 6 hours a week

Total Hours: 41

What am I using: Firebase, html, javascript, css, MongoDB, XAMPP

April 13 (Saturday): 2 hours, Research and initial database and serverless setup.
Next goal: Work on front-end (different pages of the website), more research on setup

April 17 (Wednesday): 5 Hours, Research, decided to change to mobile app. Setup necessary apps
to be able to continue work.

Decided to go back to website rout and created some template pages, as well as a rough about
us page.
Next Goal: Work on startup screen and login screen for app

April 18 (Thursday): 5 Hours, Working on login, about us page design

April 19 (Friday): 3 Hours, working on login

May 1 (Wednesday): 7 Hours, Registration, Login, and profile page completed

May 3 (Friday): 3 Hours, Cleaned up login and profile bugs, and created skeleton for 
global chat

May 7 (Tuesday): 5 Hours, Refined global chat made the iframe refresh every second, and made 
it display the latest message. Worked on matchmaking and matched chat

May 8 (Wednesday): 2 Hours,Working on queries without matchmaking. Made new data base for queries and
linked them to the p_chat table through a new row called query_id.

May 14 (Monday): 1 Hour, Work on queries list and display.

May 15 (Tuesday): 2 Hours, queries actually change!!! so now the users can see the previous messages
they have sent. Now I just need to make it possible to send messages, refresh after a new message is 
sent, and actually start a query.

May 17 (Thursday): 2 Hours, Messages can be sent. Trying AJAX to load database data onto website
without reloading page. Will do the chat refresh later. Moving on to query creation.

May 18 (Friday): 1 Hour, worked on matchmaking. Theoretically my code for creating the query
will work, but getting a helper matched to it is what probably won't. Can't test yet cuz I am
not done

May 20 (Monday) 2 Hours: List of matches display as well as what interests they have. Query
creation works. Just need to make the page reload only the messages whenever a new message
comes in, blacklisting words, and design.

May 21 (Tuesday) 1 Hour: Style and clean up.